[DEVX-1064] Add docs for multi-app support on saucectl (#518)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/xcuitest.md

```
---

### `otherApps`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p>

> List of paths to apps to be pre-installed for running tests. The relative file location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.ipa`, and the property supports expaned environment vairables to designate the path, as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set of one or more paths to apps to be pre-installed for running tests. The relative file location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.ipa`, and the property supports expanded environment variables to designate the path, as shown in the following examples.
```
